>> Speaker 2: What about like
startups versus big mega corp.
>> Paul DeBettignies: So because this is
being recorded [LAUGH], for the first
15 years of my recruiting career most
of the work was done with large groups.
I am not always a fan of the startups
that have ping pong tables,
fuzz ball, and beer on tap 24/7, 365.
I'm also not a fan of large office towers
with like, you can hear the lights,
because it's that crappy
overheard lighting that buzzes.
That freaks me out too.
This is antiseptically clean and
this one's really dirty, and
I don't like either one of those for me.
Okay?
I like startups and small tech companies
that have raised some cash in the Midwest.
If they're raised a million or
two at this point they're
relatively stable, relatively.
I like those groups because you're built
you tend to be building stuff from
scratch.
The flip side is you're
building from from scratch, and
you have anybody else's code to lean on.
So there's opportunity there.
There's also the lots of opportunity to
really large companies in town who do
in any town who have an internship, or
hire recent grants because
they now have a program.
There's a really cool company here
in town called Kipsu, K-I-P-S-U.
They have a 12 month rotational program,
and they're a startup of like 45 people.
It's kind of amazing.
>> Paul DeBettignies: Find those
places where you can learn stuff.
And I get this question a lot of the time,
what should I do?
And I'm like, If it were me,
I'm gonna go to the place where I can
learn the most and tolerate the salary.
I need to learn as much as I can
with smart people as fast as I can.
And then maybe in two or
three years, I'm out the door.
And I'm gonna contribute and bust my butt.
They're gonna get every penny they put
into me But if you can find a startup.
If you are in the bay area, if you are in
New York city, if you are in Austin,
Seattle, our startup community
here is really strong now.
Might never have said that seven
years ago but it is today.
There are these really cool opportunities.
So really it is going back though and
doing that research.
Asking your friends and
your peers, who do you know who?
Who's in a good place who's
really good at teaching?
Teaching, training, mentoring,
really, really matter.
I do applaud ya'll for having gone
through this the last two weeks.
Stay in touch with the front
end masters folks.
Good luck with what's going on.
Stay in touch with everyone
who's been speaking with you.
Thank you.
>> Paul DeBettignies: All right awesome.
>> [APPLAUSE]